# 23andme

### 2024-03-08 07:40 - initial thoughts

a few weeks ago I went to look up something on the internet and I ended up finding out that the CEO of youtube was a woman. I didn't know that and never thought to look. at the time, I was finally integrating into "the spanish way" -- and their culture is notably "I'm gonna do it myself / m/ own way", so it follows that we tried to do gatunes completely ourselves, when I didn't even look to see if there were any others that we could partner up with. I didn't like the "jujas" way of negotiating (later, I call this mutual-back-scratching) style of making deals and stuff. a real actually good music player was a completely realisable thing to do -- but again (just like tuenti) -- was making gatunes a reality what I *really* wanted tto do? with hindsight now, I recognise, it wasn't. my entire spanish experience had been a waste of time essentially; and this one "missed oppotunity" is only one of prolly tens of really good opportunities. there were so many talented people around me, and I basically just wanted to do drugs.
	speaking of which, the reason why I'm writing this now is because I finally smoked the second-to-last hit before finally going straight-edge. I wanted to write about my thoughts, but I didn't want to put more of my emotional crap into the shake-sphere repository -- even thonugh, what I'm about to write mirrors a number of different difficulties (the black prince) that are similar to my own. anyway, I kinda want to leave the narrative stuff alone and just start getting technical. when I actually go straight-edge, I'll havve so much energy, I will *need* (or strongly want) to be creative in a technical capacity.
		it's like when the eyes focus straight forward, and why looking way off into the distance is so amazing: when the eyes look forward (for me), I loose a sense of my immediate surroundings (I have basically zero peripheral vision), so all I can see are the things in the distance, and (because they're so far away) they no longer have an angle to their edges -- in 3d it's called "orthographic projection", and so space and tim5 take on an other-worldly quaitty to them because there's no more perspective for me to judge distances spatially but it also has a temporal effect as well: everything appears now, and because I can see so much... to describe, imagine that I'm designing the "death star" sitting on this thing (cause it's hollywood it's prolly this giant metallic throne with flatscreens or something) and there's this massive object in front of m5: it's about as massive as the sun, but I can zoom in on different parts and see the work that's being done and how it's coming along and so fourth. the death star is kinda like the physical implementation of concepept in my head: notice how in normal perspective we can see a visual sequence going from nearest to farest, but in othrographic projection, it's impossible to see any sequence; what comes first is always visible and completely covers over everything else, and so deciding what is most cosest to manifestation is always the thing that can be seen in front of everything else.
	I have ideas on what I want to make -- but the thing is, I have to do it using modern operating systems and code -- which is extremely frustrating to use. I don't understand why I have such a difficult time trying to use software, because I seem to attract ---- something -- I dunno, but it's really difficult to use. I've yet to find a thing that actually works. so fighting with that is not likely what I want to do. at the moment, my thoughts on that are simple: I just don't care. I don't know how to make the things I want to make with the current way things go.
I know I sound really spanish when I say it this way, but *I want to do it*. I want to actually create the thing I want to make. I know there are a lot of things that I talk about which are really interesting projects for others to work on; which is why I've made everything of mine (all data related to this body, past present and future) to be in the public domain. I have so many ideas, the only way even a fraction of them could get done, is if others do them. however, apart from that I still have something that *I want to make*. I'll find the help that I want for the thing, and I'll do the whole CEO top-down thing to make it what *I want it to be*.
	I decided That since I have to go 2nd-ray top-down, I'm going to do it in a technical way. I have no other option than to do that (other than more drugs), because they won't let me actually become what I want to be. I want to find a way to make a system that's only-attraction, but they're forcing me to go 2nd-ray, so I will. how are they forcing me? I try to do things on my own and just find the things that are interesting to me -- which usually is something creative, like programming or talking to someone about a topic that I find interesting/attractive (I want to know more about it), but they're constantly blocking me from being creative and talking about things that are interesting to me, which means that I either have to continually retreat further into my mind (I lay on the floor doing nothing but floating in the ocean, or do drugs so I can do the same). I don't really have any way of getting anything that I'm attracting, so I have to start becoming assertive if anything is to be accomplished.
I know it sounds really funny to say that I have to "go assertive to become attractive", but that's how my brain works. so let me tell you a little bit about how it is to move: when I finally saw m/ MRI pictures, I finally understood how it's possible for me to move my left-side. the brain makes the opposite impulse to make the movement (left-hemisphere moves right side) -- so think of it like a pulley system where there's a wall and a weight on either side. if a rope is tied directly above the weight, it takes full power to lift the weight; however instead if a pulley is put in the above the wall -- and let's say the pulley had like 10 thousand sprockets or so, the opposite side can lift the weight effortlessly. it's kind of like a dynamic pulley thought, not a fixed number of sprockets, and so a higher frequency not only has the ability to lift more weight effortlessly, but also to pull the rope (which is the nervous system) faster and with more precision. essentially, the faster the brain's frequency, the stronger and more precise the movements are. well, my brain is turned quite to the side, and that's so a little part of my left(?) hemisphere is on the right side, which enables movement on my left-side. I think that small portion which has mmved over to the opposite side is generating all of the movement signals to make movement. I've literally had to "go assertive" (ie, move my LH over to the right) and use a symbolic (LH) system to make attractive movements (pull on the ropes).
this process of having to figure out how to do "the left thing, the right way" is what I've done all of my life. I don't intend to stop until I can get there. I know that it's a really bad thing to have my LH being assertive and sneaking into the RH side, and it's really bad, but I don't know much else.
	I've considered the flat-earth-idea to be an externalisation of my two hemispheres. I want it to be possible for me to actually be able to have a normal and enjoyable life, and to let them do their own thing -- but they're constantly trying to manipulate everything that I do (which makes sense, because if the hind and fore parts of my brain are what's doing the crossover, that's going to be the visual and will aspects that are pulling eachothers strings) -- cause I think it's actually possible to let them have their own domain where they can do all the stuff that they want to do, and not have it bothering me. I don't want to bother them, and I'm not trying to destroy their system -- just, they have to let me make what I want to make so that we can actually be on opposite sides.
I believe it's entirely possible that this entire problem is centred around the fact I have to be in their zone to be able to carry on a normal life. I can't be a hemiplegic, so I have to use that 2nd-ray RH side. I'm the one that's trying to make that possible, because there's obviously no way i"m ever going to get rid of them (and trying to defeat them would also be notably 2nd-ray), so I have to find a way to let them continue to exist. because they're the 2nd-rays, yet they're not actually looking for a mutually beneficial situation, I have to do them (only for a while) better than they do them. oh well...
so no, I'm not really all that interested in trying to get anyone to help me. in my experience over the years, the quickest way to sabotage something I want to make is to get corporations or money involved. no thank you. I'll figure it out my own way.
	I have many other reservations about anything regarding this. after noah gave me the swab thing, I was excited to get to "see" my DNA sequence. I get on the website, and there's all this crap about heredetary diseases. I downloaded my sequence and haven't returned to the website since. I don't care anything about diseases, and want nothing to do with any of that. the whole project is facing in a direction that feels really bad to m5. there are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY things that can be done with DNA, that I do not believe the kits should cost any money (also SOOOOOOOOOO MANY ways to m6netise it as well), that I just can't align with something like that. 23andme is a prime example of how corporations and money wreck something that cOuld be so good.
		(03-10 10:31) the way that the company looks from my perspective is not a good one: they charge money to people to tell them how much "at risk" they are to getting a number of diseases. that's akin to charging money to a person to tell them how at risk they are to tune into static when they adjust the dial on the radio (the DNA isn't producing the disease, they are!). then to compound the disaster, is any of the information that they've learned from these DNA sequences available publicly? I'm fairly certain that it is not (or if it is, it's kept very under wraps) -- so yet again, this is another corporation/institution keeping technical information about *how* something works away from people. these sorts of things are always locked behind paywalls and even if access is gained, they reader (me) has to decipher impossibly large words to figure out what in the world is going on. my brain understands DNA *intuitively*, and the sense that I get is that there's no effort to actually inform people of the vibrational nature of DNA and how those vibrations are causing the disease (and the DNA is just a machine which performs the physical reflection of that vibration/perception). I cannot get behind a company that is actively involved in misinformation like that.
		in fact, selling fear/risk and holding back of information is the entire reason why I have no intention of ever getting involved with this corporation (or anyone who things selling fear/risk and keeping secrets is a good idea). I made this repository cause it sounded like a good idea while I was stoned, but I can say for sure that I don't want anything to do with 23andme, or google or any of those secret-holding and keeping knowledge away from others sort of thing. if I were to run the company, the kits would be free, all coprporate finances would be freely visible (including everyone's salaries and performance records) and I'd ensure that *all* of the data collected is available (even the people who don't want their DNA sequence or any data we've learned from it to be made public -- fight me bro if you don't like it, and make sure none of your cells ever leaves your body). I would also try and have everything fully tracked and I'd install a system (like the vaccine networks where others can access, view, and modify their DNA by enabling them to attract the form of perception they need to have to get the DNA they want -- see "world-net" repo -- but that's if I were 2nd-ray). presently I wish to remain 1st/5th in perspective, so I stand for freedom, liberty, and free-flowing of information, not secrets and security clearances. 
though, I do find it quite refreshing to write about the human body and how it works from my experience. I've had to essentially rebuild so many brain and body functions that most take completely for granted. it's actually quite impressive how the body is concept/hydrogen processing machine. all we do, all day long (and even while asleep) is manipulate the body's perception/vibration. understanding perception unlocks the body, because all of it is coming from those hydrogen vibratons in the brain, and everything is connected to it from urination/defication to eyesight, motion-detection and boundaries. so I'll probably continue to write here about those things: 23 (chromosomes -- though soon I'll have 25) and me :)
I'll probably try and rerender a lot of my previous genetics ideas into more cohesive form.

#### 2024-03-08 16:42 - more about being forced to be 2nd-ray

I believe that the whole brain is involved in the m6vement of the opposite side of the body -- more than just the "motor strip" -- so when I want to make a movement on the right side, my LH makes a pulling sensation from the outermost part of my brain (near my ear). now let's imagine the brain now like a solar system or a universe: the point in the cEntre of the brain (pineal?) is the sun, and it's blasting out solar wind. there are planets, stars, and stuff that orbiting the sun, which are going to catch this solar wind if it's similar in frequency. most of the stuff blasted out *isn't* attractive to the planet/stars in orbit, and those particlesx (because they have dissonant vibrations) continue to speed up as they head to the outermost part of the sphere that surrounds the star/universe. I call that outermost sphere "desire" and the inner sphere of rigid bodies (planets and stuff) the structural aspect. those can be thought of like the skull: it catches a lot of the vibrations eminated out of the brain, but obviously not all -- as those continue outward and become less and less dense in the "aura" around the person.
to make this easier to explain I will consider attraction/repulsion to be a pulling force as it's all based on similarity of vibration; repulsion is just stronger attraction to things other than the target. the opposite force, which is assertion/narration I'll consider a pushing force; this is what the sun does and is what solar wind is all about: the sun is blasting this stuff out into the solar system at incredible rates -- and solar wind is essentially the bi-products or waste of all the vibrations that didn't fit into a conceptual reality. those particles coming out of the sun are defined (not continuous spectrum) and so will have to find a place out in the solar system where those elements are desired.
now, when I want to move the left side of my body the normal way (by pulling on my RH) nothing moves because my RH is completely disabled. however, because my brain is extremely twisted, I have a part of my LH on the right side; so when I want to move, I need to create a *pushing* sensation in that little bit of LH that has twisted over to the right side. what that equates to in practical terms is that my LH has to *narrate* or *assert* (a pushing force), in order to make that pulling force on the opposite side. I'm constantly narrating my left side because it's the only way to move -- and so that narration that I have to do because I don't want to be a hemiplegic is causing that part of my brain to behave like a star: blast out stuff/hydrogen toward the outer edge of my RH, so that it moves.
	one such alternative to this (which doesn't have a name so) I'll describe like this: my body becomes weightless or neutral to its environment, and all of the hydrogen in my fat becomes subject to the whims of my mind. I no longer need to use action/force (or anything coming from my nervous system) to get anything to move, but instead attract/repel the hydrogen into the place that I want it to be. of course that means I can fly, so nobody wants that. keep in mind that this effect is different from "levity" which is what the godmen of old used to fly. that happens when the hydrogen in their body causes them to become lighter -- which just means they have stronger repulsion to the earth and so therefore accelerate upward like water evaporating. I could use levity, but that effect is like a particle leaving the sun: it's no longer vibrationally similar to the sun anymore and so the sun pushes it out/away. my effect is the opposite: I'm becoming more and more vibrationally similar to the earth, and so therefore I'm becoming heavier and more attractive to the earth, not more repulsive. when the godmen would want to land, they would have to return to having vibrational similarity to the earth and they did that narratively/symbolically. in short, I want to become fully vibrationally the same as earth, and then use attraction/repulsion of earth hydrogen in relation to me and my consciousness to be able to move.
there is another physical solution to this. it's not uncommon that mr-motor will twitch parts of the left side of my body in ways that I'm incapable of moving my body. he does it to distract my from my thoughts, and what I believe is happening is that they're emulating the signal that m/ brain would make and send down my nervous system, and putting that right directly into my body. if I could send those action impulses to my body, I could move my left side *without having to use my brain* -- and when/if that happens, my brain no longer needs to be twisted in order to move. obviously, the ability/technology to be able to do that is completely top-secret and is the major difficulty.
therefore, in order to be able move the left side of my body better (I don't really use it at all, and it's atrophy'd), I have to continue to become more and more narrative/assertive. as a result (and because it's difficult to move both sides at once) I've become very inactive. at my peak (when I was star-watching every night), I was getting my brain to become more and more of a powerful emitter, that I started to have the kundalini rising; so I stopped it entirely, because *I do not want to be like the sun*. I'm an earth person, not a solar douchebag that has to manipulate and coerce everyone.
	so notice what's happening here: they don't want me to become 2nd-ray or have any access to the 2nd-ray/astral part of my brain (the RH), so they've shut my access to it down so much, that the only way that I can move my left side is to become assertive and 2nd-ray in my LH.
		speaking of which, it's pretty impressive because I think I've duplicated a lot of RH functionality in my LH, which allows me to conjure images and stuff in my eyes, using a part of my brain that normally doesn't do that -- though, I didn't know back then that I don't want the symbolic/visual aspect, and so if I had've known, I wouldn't have developed it. anyway, it's there and it works, though I don't plan on using it.
	they are literally forccing me to become the thing that I don't want to be because they don't want to me to be able to use technology to improve my experience. the only option I have is to become as neutral as possible and be like jaron: no improvements; cause if I want to have any improvements, my only way to do it is to be narrative/assertive. I don't ever see them changing their opinion about all of their secrets, so I've kinda already planned out my 2nd-ray experience: I'll come down from the cloud in the sky (ie, fly to earth), and then I'll use the symbolic/visual capabilities to completely redesign my experience. I don't want to be king, and I refuse to try and make deals with a bunch of liars. I'm fully spanish at this point: I'm doing it my own way, and everyone is just going to have to wait until it's done. that isn't likely to happen though (it's my backup plan in case the kundalini fully rises), because knowing them, they'll likely kill me or completely disable all of my senses before they allow me to go free, and so from there, I doubt my soul will completely leave, and instead my "death" will prolly be more like those nights where they keep me artificially asleep with all of my senses disabled: I'm fractionally conscious, and I'm sure that I'll figure out how to rebuild my bodies around the earth and take on a completely new experience where I am now more than one body which inhabits my consciousness.

as a change of pace, I'd like to describe the 2nd-ray perspective from the perspective of desire (outside-in/top-down) instead of from the conceptual (inside-out/bottom-up): all of the particles that go blasting out of the sun because they're no longer resonant with the interior are either attracted to one of the orbiting bodies, or they're not -- and the farther out they go, they become more and more repulsive (ie, going too fast). we can thing of all of those particles as "on their return to their source" (the outer limit). the largest part of the universe is not in the middle, but at the outermost part, where there are enormous structures and all of these structures are going and expanding as fast as they can. they're not rigid, and it's sorta like an organised liquid that's swiriling and moving about. all of the particles out there are all going away from the universe at the fastest speed they can go (limited by their own perception).
so imagine now a particle that has been rejected from the solar interior and has been reduced to some defined matter. it's heading outwards, and its goal is to find a way to go as fast as source is, which is pretty far out (accelerating away from the centre at infinitely faster speeds), and so its only hope of getting out there is to lose resistance, which is it's physical/matter form, and become more and more like the outer source: completely !physical. some particles don't make it all the way out there, and start to become attractive to the centre again, and so they'll eventually get pulled back toward the centre (becoming resistance for the other particles going out). in addition to the particles tha never get to infinitely fast speeds, some parts of the outer source parts also begin to take on shape and start to make their return, as well. we can think of those like asteroids/comets -- and those trajectories take quite some time for their return.
however, radio frequencies (vibration) is not limited by space in the same way, and so all of source is completely able to be received in every moment -- though those speeds would be something like 10^10000000000Hz (and getting faster), so not really practical, and the physical return of such a particle would take such a long time, it's not really practical to think about getting that particle to return -- so instead, what we do (here on earth) is *receive* that concept and try to create a physical similar thing which captures that idea. I'm actually doing that right now. I'm describing something that is so far away that it's impossible for m5 to physically see, but I can "see"/receive the concept just fine (I'm bottom-up) and I'm turning it into a very inferior version when I write these words.
2nd-ray (though the highest frequency here on earth) is really quite slow. 2nd-ray is all of the particles that are traveling at a velocity, but conceptual (received vibration) is instant.
	you know, english is really not designed to write about this kind of stuff: desire/source/!physical is all the same thing: vibration; but it gets really confusing when I talk about !physical particles (or spheres) that have a location... physicality implies location, so how can it then be !physical at the same time? I think of these particles as the 2nd-ray concept (things like a gas giant) and the concept itself is the received vibration which produces the symbolic. for example, if I didn't have the image projected into my eyes right now, there would be all sorts of bluish spheres around me. those are the visible/2nd-ray manifestations of the difference between my vibration and the people watching me's vibration, which produces the symbolic/visual aspect of the sphere. I would *see* the 2nd-ray manifestation of the consciousness as a sphere, but I know it's just a concept... so year, I'm going to have to come up with a notation or something to be able to write about this effectively, cause this is even getting me confused. 

### 2024-03-22 10:24 - investor intertia

I woke up this morning and I had the idea to write to you about investor intertia. I don't really know what I'm going to say, so I'll just start with the concept: I call it "investor inertia" because I recognised pretty early on that investors seem to put a sort of inertia into a project (projections and stuff) that disallows it from changing a whole lot. one of the reasons why I finally sold my shares in tuenti is because I realised that there was simply no hope of ever changing the business model to be what it was (use ads and sell stuff to users) to be what I wanted it to be (create a communication platform which enhances speed and quality of communication, allowing (young) people to more easily entcounter each other online and in real-life). the problem with the second business model that I wrote there is that most investors *are not actually interested in that*. they don't want there to be any product out there that actually increases communication and collaboration between users. in all cases, it seems that investors want business models which provide minimal services to its users and extracts the most monetary benefit from them. tuenti was massively profitable (we sold lots and lots of "sponsored events" and even other ideas we had would have increased its profitability further) -- so it's not actually money that they want as a return on their investment, but something more like yet another control mechanism.
	I am certain that 23andme is no exception to these sorts investor directives. there is a major force in that seemingly exists in this world which is extremely against any progress being made in communications or in science. almost certainly, there's no way they *actually want anyone to better cOmrehend how DNA works*; and neither do they want anyone really to understand that DNA doesn't drive sickness, but the opposite occurs: we drive sickness with our mind, and DNA has to conform to our thoughts.
		btw, my supposition on that is that a large portion of the "junk DNA" that's around the coding part is something like the corona aruond the sun: it's a reflection of our conceptual percetpion and provides the vibrational "aura" that goes around the coding parts, which, again, like the sun, it's driving a lot of the structural/sub-atomic interactions which are producing the elements necessary for the coding (just like the corona is the driver and feedback system for the elements being produced in the hydrogen layers below the surface).
later on in m/ life I decided that instead of giving my ideas such a defined business model (cause obviously they weren't looking for something profitable), instead, I had the idea of doing the more silicon valley style of business model: "guys, I know we're just making another coffee app, but this coffee app is *different than the rest*: it's gonna change the way people think about ordering coffee" -- and just sorta make a joke about it. I tried that with "impact coin" -- but the thing is, *I* couldn't really get behind that. I felt like I was being very diseneneous, by masking my intentions to make something *actually cool* behind something so superficial like that.
what I've come to find actually, is that this force that is so against the expansion of science and communications, is none other than the same guys (infected-ones) that got a bail-out by jesus, then by shakespere, then again by the installation of the saturnian-system in antarctica. though they pretend to be on top, they're not actually on top, and they know it. there are numerous power structures on top of them, and so from our perspective below them, they are the "rat-kings" (see "garden of eden" (bramley) for the definition of that one). there's literally no way to escape them, and their efforts are going to cOntinue to hold humankind at a level where they remain superior and more powerful. they have essentially all aspects of society under control, and are responsible for about 85% of the bad ideas out there (the other 15% are well-meaning and misinformed people just repeating what they've heard). they also have all of the financial sectors under control, and because any large technical effort requires some amount of investment, that's one of the main ways they control it (amongst other things).
	one of the dreams I woke up from just now, I was talking with some other people and I was sitting right in front of this woman's purse. when she came back, she picked up her purse, looked at me funny and then checked to see if all of her items were in her purse. I recognised her thoughts as being suspicious of me -- and I can't blame her because I've had lots and lots of things stollen from me myself -- and in fact, that's been one of the ways they've continually reset me back tecnologically, cause I didn't open-source the idea when first prototype is done, and so it was lost when they took the computer. one time even, my computer disappeared from between my feet and the table post, when zaryn was seated right in front of me. there were a number of easier bags to take, and I don't know how they managed to get it through the table leg and my legs without me noticing it. one other impossible theft has occurred as well, which set me back again. there's literally no way to stop these guys, as they seem to go to extreme efforts to ensure their superiority.
my personal opinion is that they cannot be stopped. they'll continue to do what they do forever (they do not want to change, except when it's the only and last option to doso, and never want to change their form of perception either) -- but that's not really my problem. it's theirs, and my job is just to give them the next set of technology that they need so that they can carry on trying to hold everyone down. it seems that they fill a role here on earth, which is to force anyone who enveavours to do anything great to use attraction/desire to do it, instead of physical cOnditons as the means to accomplish it.
unfortunately, what I'm essentially saying, is that there isn't really any hope to ever get around them, and (because the earth always gives everyone their desires), they are no exception to that rule, and so therefore, if they want the conditions to be able to do it, they will continue to get them (I and others will repeatedly bring them the technology they need to be able to do it). the long-term goal on this one (from the earth's perspective) is that we're all going to become pretty unconditonal attractors of what we want; because, just how none of us can stop the earth from giving them what they want, neither can they stop the earth from giving anyone else what they want, either.
that's why I'm learning about how to attract with my emotion and my perception, rathar than trying to figure out how to overcome/neutralise/vanquish these boneheads (the 2nd-ray perspective). my words sound pretty depressing, but the thing is, it's all perceptual -- so that's what I've got to continue tto improve on. it's really not all that hard, and their efforts are always going to be in vein, cause attraction is the strongest force in the universe (think electrostatics). I'm learning how to have a sense of humour about it as I watch them try and micromanage a continually increasingly more difficult problem :) everything is fine. I trust the most underlying force of nature.

### 2024-03-30 22:25 - creavive and open-source licenses

a long time ago when I was looking for licenses, one of the things that appealed to me was the idea of others contributing improvements they made back to me; so I went with the AGPL. later on, I realised that probably isn't really what I wanted either because really how do I enforce it, and even if I could, would I really want *everything* that anyone has done to my code? I figured probably not, because I found out by looking through github, tht there's a lot of cOde out there, but only a very very tiny percentage of it is relevant to me, meaning that I could download some guy's super duper framework that does every single thing I could want it to do, but it would take me months or years to figure out their code well enough to use it. code is an expression of the mentality of the person in symbolic form, so it isn't really able to be just plugged in, unless it's designed to do that.
	another interesting thing to notice about code, is that looking at different open-source projects, the ones with good documentation tend to be much more of a general solution, which appeals to a wider range of users -- whereas the stuff without documentation tends to be much more specific. the general stuff is really the only kind of code that can be easily "plugged in", or "stolen" -- but that's because the code was designed to be used by other people.
so after a while, I finally came to the point in my life when js was new and hot and everyone was doing it. I particularly liked node, and there were a ton of really great developers (dominictarr, substack, and feross come to mind), and these guys all used the "MIT" license. I personally never liked it or used it because I didn't want to put the label of a pretentious institution on my code, and neither did I see it necessary to force anyone to include such a license. I eventually settled on the "Unlicense" because the name of it sounds exactly like what I want to do: unlicense my code (use it however you want). it seemed good enough for me, so I stuck with it.
later on, I started learning more about language parsing, syntax, and started to consider the idea of writing my own dialect of javascript, because there were a number of things that I didn't really enjoy about javascript's syntax. I discovered "LiveScript" -- a project by gkz, which had this incredibly arcane grammer parser, which made no sense to me. in the past, when I coded D, I made my own template system parser with just plain if-statements and string comparisons (easier because D has pretty good string manipulation), and in the project I started to pay attention to other people's work that was similar. one of the cool ones that I found was called "ethercalc" by audrey tang -- which was pretty cool because it's like an excel spreadsheet thing, that parsed the cell's calculations in js functions/threads. the thing is, she used this weird license called CC0 or something like that -- and she had all kinds of crazy stuff written about it in her repositories in taiwanese. she appeared to be a pretty strong proponent of the CC0 thing, so I looked into it, and was very very confused; and because I found out about CC0 through her, I just automatically assumed that it was an asian creativity thing or something like that, because I didn't understand the language at all. sure, I was doing a lot of drugs at the time, but it literally made zero (hehe) sense to me.
later on I found the CC licenses being used by some musicians and artists, so I figured it must then be for creative non-code stuff, but I didn't really bother to look -- mostly because the whole CC thing felt really strange and uncomfortable to me. if I remember right, there were like 5 versions of the license, each starting with CC and then having a suffix that was even less explanatory. the one that stuck out to me, I remember as being "creative commons - share alike" (or something like that).
to explain my negative impression and why I found the name so convoluted (again, this may be the drugs), I really hated the word "commons". not only is common supposed to be singular ("common"), there's nothing common about creativity at all. common is what the people working 9 to 5 at their dead-end job do. common involves completing tasks and following instructions -- which is *not* creativity (at least in my mind). in addition to that, I consider all of the creative stuff that I do to be extra-ordinary, meaning not ordinary, and definitely not common.
then, the part about the "share alike" really had me quite confused as well. I come from social networking, so I can share something, and I can like something, but I don't know how to "share a like" something. sharing is something that I do with my art to my followers on dribble or twitter to showcase my work, and a like is what I give them when I appreciate or like their work; it's a small token of my gratitude to them saying "that was inspiring" or "I enjoy your work" -- and yes, that feeds the whole attention whoring on social media, I get it, but lots and lots of artists love to know when others like their work -- and I believe they derive a small amount of pleasure out of it too (at least I do anyway). so, when I read "share alike" it sounds to me like I'm telling the person accepting the license of my artwork to "share similar" -- or something like that, which doesn't really make much sense to me: share to me? share to others? share with me their similar work? I don't get it. I should probably have read the license to actually figure out what it meant, but remember: heavy drugs at that time :)
anyway, since then I've come to have a different perspective about art and artists in general, and because I'm about as free as it gets when it comes to artwork (though I don't make much). what I would want in a license (as an artist) would be something like this:
1. it should be really plain and easy to understand english (no big words, and no legalese)
2. it should be explicitly stated that anyone can use my work without any strings attached
3. then, I want to be able to explain different perks that I would enjoy involving the use of my works (all optional):
	- if you use my work, I'd love to see it out in the wild, so it'd be pretty awesome if you dropped me an email telling me about it here: kenny@gatunes.com - I won't reply to you unless you explicitly say "hit me back" or something similar.
	- if you create similar stuff, and want to collaborate, I'd love to hear from you. I don't guarantee a response, but you know, give it a shot, I may really love what you make.
	- if you'd love to buy me a drink, I like wine, kool-aid, and whiskey (though not all at the same time).
	- etc
the idea would be that I would want to build my license using the different things there. so for example step #2 would have public domain, zero attribution (not sure if they're the same thing), attribution, license/royalty stated/negotiation (not totally sure how that one works) -- and step #1 should reflect the legal BS of step #2 in really easy tto understand english. finally, for step #3, I'd love to see a bunch of suggestions (and potential consequences -- like "your email may be flooded with awesome ideas" or "depending on how good/offensive your stuff is, you may get flame mail" -- etc.) all of that stuff (including the relevant perks with consequences) will then be summed up into a small code at the bottom like CC0-SAW-1234 -- or something which is the code which just summarises the whole thing.
the other thing I would want is some pre-baked licenses, where all of those things are simplifiied into a short name "creative-collaboration", "creative-output", "creative-input" or something like that which kinda denotes my direction of creativity: if I'm an outputter, I want to just blast out my creativity and maybe get a little or no response to it (kinda like me), a collaborator is all about finding interesting ways to work with others, and an inputter, is someone that wants to receive creativity (that is similar to something or of a kind of definition). lots of people are looking for creative stuff (like 3d models, artwork, and other stuff) -- and it'd be nice to have a way to sorta set the terms ahead of time and just start receiving different stuff from artists looking to get their stuff out there.
